Archive Controller Accounts (#5037)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-staking-advanced.md

## Staking Proxies

{{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} makes it possible to create accounts
having special permissions also called **proxy accounts**. For mode details about proxy accounts
visit the [dedicated page](./learn-proxies.md) on this wiki.

Proxy accounts are special accounts which can sign
[**extrinsic calls**](./learn-extrinsics.md/#pallets-and-extrinsics) made to specific **pallets** on
behalf of the proxied account. There is thus the possibility to create staking proxy accounts that

> can be used to sign only extrinsic calls to staking, session and utility pallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be used to sign extrinsic calls specific to the staking, session and utility pallets.
```

with the stash will build a transaction history that might tell something about your habits and
preferences, or even your location.

Ideally, accounts with high economic power like the stash must be and remain as isolated as
possible. With a staking proxy, the stash account is fully isolated when signing for staking-related
transactions. The proxy private key will be used to sign staking-related transactions, the stash
private key will stay isolated and the staking transaction history will be built by the proxy.

![stash-stakingProxy](../assets/stash-vs-stash-and-staking-proxy.png)

For a practical perspective we need to use only one account and remember one password to sign for
all staking-related transactions. From a security perspective who controls the staking proxy
controls our staking actions.

It is important to remember that actions that can be performed by the proxy accounts are limited,
and in the case of staking proxy, extrinsic calls to the balances pallet cannot be signed. This
means it is not possible to do balance transfers on the proxied account through a staking proxy.

> Note that to change the staking proxy you will need to sign with the stash or an _any_ proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that to change the staking proxy you will need to sign with the stash or as _any_ proxy.
```

Author: "an" is right here
